the number one hack to collect more
emails have you ever heard of the saying
that the money's in the list the more
emails you collect the more revenue you
will generate
years and years ago when i was starting
out of marketing keep in mind i've been
doing this for 21 years now i met an
individual named john reese he had this
site back in the day called income.com
and he had a fish tank that was so big
people would scuba dive into his fish
tank to clean it and this was in his
house
now
when i talked to john i'm like how did
you do so well how did you generate all
this income years and years ago when i
was in florida he's like
through email lists
it's your atm i'm like atm he's like
yeah it's a digital atm you need money
you just send out an email blast he's
like instead of going to a physical atm
and putting in a card and putting in
your pin all you do is just send out an
email list and you generate income and
he's like what's better about that
versus a real atm is is like when you go
to the real atm you're actually taking
from your savings when you send out an
email blast more money just comes in
so today
i'm going to share with you the best way
to collect emails because you need to
build up that digital atm so what's this
way it's called spin the wheel have you
ever seen wheel of fortune it's a tv
show super popular why people love
playing games
so why not add them to your site just
look at this example here
you can add a spinning wheel to the
bottom left or right side of your
website so when someone clicks there
will see a wheel with a lot of things
that they can win and when they
click on it and they put in their name
and email address to get that free spin
you will collect their email address
just make sure that your options on the
wheel are amazing
because if they aren't people won't spin
the wheel
on some of my sites i offer free
consultations ebooks courses even free
coaching calls with me you're probably
wondering neil that's crazy but here's
the thing when you have tons of options
and a few of them are really amazing
people will spend to try to win and it
helps you generate a lot of emails it's
so effective for every 100 visitors you
have if your offers are great you'll
find that you'll click 2.3 to 3.8 unique
emails and i say unique because some
people try putting in their email over
and over again not really unique to try
to get multiple spins most software
solutions like privy will try to stop
that or what you'll find is some people
put in two three of their own email
addresses to try to win that lucrative
free prize
oh and if you're wondering how to add
this to your site as i mentioned you can
just use tools like privy there's a lot
of other solutions out there i use the
custom homegrown one and it works super
well
now keep in mind if you collect an email
from spin the wheel it won't convert as
well as let's say someone comes to your
website and fills out a leave form
saying hey i want consulting but it
still works my team has closed multiple
six-figure deals from that spin the
wheel now a lot of the leads won't
convert but still a portion of them do
so don't just use a spin the wheel try
maybe lead forms or content blockers or
content upgrades you can even try things
like exit pop-ups and quiz use a lot of
different options but adding spin the
wheel to your arsenal is a great way to
collect more emails now if you have a
lot of email addresses but you're not
generating that revenue like that
digital atm check out my ad agency np
digital where we help people generate
more revenue from email marketing if you
have any questions leave a comment below
if you enjoyed the video like it share
it tell the people about it thank you
for listening and watching